he looking like him as Craig dim check
shows us in tonight's cover story the
King lives as a musician how often do
you get to open for a legend he's been
on Merv Griffin and I haven't so hey not
actually but he has been on Arsenio
Geraldo even in a movie Arsenio
Johnny you lied to me baby he speaks the
accent you know you kind of has that
Memphis Memphis kind of sound it's kind
of neat I start singing in church on the
choir tonight however he plays a
Roadhouse on Virginia's Eastern Shore
and of course my momma never proved me
don't rock and roll oh so I don't think
he's looking for bigger stardom I think
there's something he just you know got
an inspiration to do and just did it and
he does well with Elvis
he's back
and he's black
high-energy and homegrown Clarence
Gibbons is a former house painter from a
tiny town just a few miles away
what caused me to do what I'm doing
today I
I know I'm just getting from my one
night I was sitting in my cousin house
and I seen this white guy come across
the TV you know just a wailing and I
said man and it's unusual never seen a
white guy move like that before and from
that day on you know it's kind of like
got my attention
but I never dreamed of doing Elvis
sister not one time to ever think about
just going out saying listen I'm gonna
be Elvis impersonator obviously you see
the irony here you've got a black man
imitating a white man who sounded like a
black man I respect the Elvis or what he
did for music and he opened a lot of
doors for a lot of folks back there
during the time when they wouldn't even
quote-on-quote plate of music on radio
so this is a tribute to Elvis
now clarence hopes the door will open
for him as well
to make a mark with his own music
still he puts his current fans first
one of them on stage I think one thing
and that's giving the people what they
come to see oh good
this night as most there's no
disappointment always listen you've
gotta remember you guys made me what I
am in that because you got it for
chaplains
and no doubt they'll be there in the end
as well either in spirit or in a little
bar in onancock
but whatever happens
McLaren's Giddens will stay cool just
like the king
I take like one one step at a time one
day at a time you know I'm taken as a
guy
I live like this is my last day in other
words I enjoy life regardless of what
people say how they do and for the joy
he shares thank you very much in
Virginia Craig dam Jack Fox 45 News at
10:00
and Clarence Gibbons has performed his
black Elvis for nine years now all
across the country and